Message Orchestration/Canvas Sync Alt Text (#3293)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/attribution/appsflyer/appsflyer.md

### Step 2: Get the Braze data import key

> In Braze, navigate to **Technology Partners** and select **AppsFlyer**. Here, you will find the REST Endpoint and generate your Braze data import key. Once generated, you can create a new key or invalidate an existing one. The data import key and the REST endpoint are used in the next step when setting up a postback in AppsFlyer's dashboard.<br><br>![An image showing the "Data Import for Install Atrribution" box available on the AppsFlyer Technology page. Inclued in this box is the data import key and the REST endpoint.][4]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Braze, navigate to **Technology Partners** and select **AppsFlyer**. Here, you will find the REST Endpoint and generate your Braze data import key. Once generated, you can create a new key or invalidate an existing one. The data import key and the REST endpoint are used in the next step when setting up a postback in AppsFlyer's dashboard.<br><br>![The "Data Import for Install Attribution" box available on the AppsFlyer Technology page. Inclued in this box is the data import key and the REST endpoint.][4]{: style="max-width:70%;"}
```

Your user base can be segmented by attribution data in the Braze dashboard using the Install Attribution filters.

> ![An image of four available filters. The first being "Install Atrribution Source is network_val_0". The second being "Install Atrribution Source is campaign_val_0". The third being "Install Atrribution Source is adgroup_val_0". The fourth being "Install Atrribution Source is creative_val_0". On the right side of the image, you can see how these attribution sources will be added to the user profile. In the "Install Attribution" box on a user's information page, Install Source is listed as network_val_0, campaign is listed as campaign_val_0, etc.][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Four available filters. The first is "Install Attribution Source is network_val_0". The second is "Install Attribution Source is campaign_val_0". The third is "Install Attribution Source is adgroup_val_0". The fourth is "Install Attribution Source is creative_val_0". On the right side of the image, you can see how these attribution sources will be added to the user profile. In the "Install Attribution" box on a user's information page, Install Source is listed as network_val_0, campaign is listed as campaign_val_0, etc.][2]
```
